contributing.md updates [skip ci] (#11403)
babel/babel: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Developing

> *Node*: Check that Node is [installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) with version 6 and up. You can check this with `node -v`.

Reviewer: Let's put 10 here. We guarantee that Babel runs on Node.js 6, but I'm not sure about our devtools.
Only `make bootstrap` / `make test` are guaranteed to run on Node.js 6 because we use them on CI.

> *Yarn*: Make sure that Yarn is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) with version >= `0.28.0`.

Reviewer 2: May worth referring to http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm for Windows developers.

Author: yeah I'm trying to make this work on windows lol and hitting the make issue 😛

> *Yarn*: Make sure that Yarn is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) with version >= `0.28.0`.

Reviewer: Also here, let's say Yarn 1.

> *Yarn*: Make sure that Yarn 1 is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) with version >= `0.28.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Yarn*: Make sure that Yarn 1 is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) with version >= `1.19.0`.
```

$ make test-only
```

> Most likely you'll want to focus in on a specific issue. So to run tests for a specific package in [packages](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/master/packages), you can use the `TEST_ONLY` environment variable:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will most likely want to focus on a particular issue. So to run tests for a specific package in [packages](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/master/packages), you can use the `TEST_ONLY` environment variable:
```
